Training start at the fischtown
penguins here in the ice arena
bremerhaven the two-week
training camp is opened camp is the
understood the trainer ben doce has chosen
for this season preparation and the
first 14 days it will be right here
go round for the boys of fischtown
penguins are sweating and a lot
a lot of rattling on the ice but also
next to the ice windows she has it all
completely planned and it is clear
if you're a trainer freshman and you
Of course he has occupied Also
procure and that is only by you
from the first day here clearly says
who is master in the house and
Accordingly , he is taut
also run here at the fischtown
penguins the first two days each
Units will be changed once again
the lunch time either on the
philips trains a lot or at physio
performance and then rejoice
of course, all fans on the
next sunday the 9 august then
it comes to the first test game here in
the ice arena during the day of the
fans play against hamburg
freezers then on sunday the 9 august at
16 o'clock the day of the fans then runs
from 11am to 4pm with a full one
program of course with the
team presentation with games of chance
toto lotto is also wanting a new one
Event worthwhile for everyone
case for the fans and to eat and to
Of course, there is also plenty of drinking
hard training program for the men
the fish from the pink and to us have
already heard one or the other straight
from the older players already has
properly cursed it so after the motto
I would be exhausting
rather stayed in the summer vacation
especially in the interest of the fans and
Of course, in the interest of penguins
the new entries are official
all things there are looked at
german czech on david steal the den
topscorer of the top league south from the
last year but also on david
sugar he has come recently
committed to the fischtown pinguins
you are looking forward to it as well
youngster can beat here all
Of course, kevin ears doors ahead
came from krefeld and the with
security the potential of a patrick
Klöpper will have and then of course
also jordans the man one at the
Skin color a bit light
It can be a bit darker
looking also from jones
one expects a lot, he should
replace branding cook and if you can
solely from his scoring skills
emanates from the way he is dynamic
Ice hockey plays then he should be branding
replace cook at least evenly
can in defense
as it is hard to miss cody lempe
the man who plays with the beard of
Decorated top to bottom with tattoos
not just because he's quirky, maybe
looks for one or the other too
because he is just very physical
He plays with great ice hockey
security quickly here
Become fan favorite in bremerhaven
long-established players are natural
also at the top goalkeeper jonas
langmann andrew mcpherson marian data
quite clear or jan kopetzki in the gate
there is langmann for jonas
a competitor jerry kuhn official
gerald cohen also has one
german passport jerry kuhn the replacement for
the master and there are not a few
say kuhn is at least one class
even stronger than master
accordingly, the penguins have
even reinforced on the keeper position
after so something well
at least slightly irritated
allowed to be master in spite of one
valid contract then for augsburg
has decided and asked for release
but that is past master
is as well as max hear but the
footprints the mike stewart the coach
had naturally large white
even if you do as a coach is
measured by what Mike Stewart is here
That has done, however, is
An unfair comparison you have to completely
be honest
stewart has two years highest here
had success and if you can if
it is the pure act of the facts
actually only sees losing masters
and vice champion that achieves what achieves
you just can not do that
basic assumption
lucie can not do that right away
reach or
You can not expect to reach it
that of course already will be
want to emphasize that he is a tough one
worker is he wants young player
he wants to develop attractive moves
and still take care of it
that the hockey location in
Bremerhaven a number 1 position
holds
not only in the north, too
already de l 2 continue the training is running
and all fans behind during the day of the fans
until next sunday still need
waiting
then you are here and should
examine young people from close up